1436790/1438462: Part 6: 30 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10261)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/collections.md

  
<a name="BKMK_CustomCollection"></a> 
## Defining a Custom Collection  

>  You can define a collection by implementing the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601> or <xref:System.Collections.IEnumerable> interface. For additional information, see [Enumerating a Collection](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/hwyysy67(v=vs.140)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can define a collection by implementing the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601> or <xref:System.Collections.IEnumerable> interface. For additional information, see [Enumerating a Collection](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/hwyysy67(v=vs.100)).
```
